Add sylph classifier (#595)
nf-core/taxprofiler: docs/usage/tutorials.md

</details>

More information on custom KMCP database construction can be found [here](https://bioinf.shenwei.me/kmcp/database/#building-custom-databases).

#### sylph custom database

> To build a sylph database, it requires only fasta files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a sylph database, it only requires fasta files.
```

```bash
sylph sketch genomes/*.fa.gz
```

If all genomes are in the same file, you can run:

```bash
sylph sketch all_genomes.fa
```

> You can then add the `<YOUR_DB_NAME>/` path to your nf-core/taxprofiler database input sheet.

Reviewer: Where does the `<YOUR_DB_NAEM>` get defined? The commands above don't describe that. 

And do you give the folder or the `.syldb` file itself (it looks like it's a single file database?)

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Expected files in database directory</summary>

- `sylph`

>   - `.syldb`

Reviewer: Is that a hidden file, or is it missing a database name at the beginning?

Author: This is either `database.syldb` with is the default output when running `sylph sketch` or `<custom_name>.syldb`

  </details>

More information on custom sylph database construction can be found [here](https://sylph-docs.github.io/sylph-cookbook/#database-sketching-options).

> Classification using the sylph classifier consists of two steps: first running the `sylph profile` command, followed by the `sylph-tax taxprof` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Classification using the sylph classifier consists of two steps: 

1. running the `sylph profile` command 
2. running the `sylph-tax taxprof` command
```

> `sylph-tax taxprof` command requires a taxonomy file. You can create your own taxonomy metadata file. A taxonomic metadata file is a two-column TSV file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second `sylph-tax taxprof` command requires a taxonomy file.
You can create your own taxonomy metadata file. A taxonomic metadata file is a two-column TSV file:
```

- Column 1: the name of your genome's FASTA file: my_mag.fa

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Column 2: a semicolon-delimited taxonomy string. d**Archaea;p**Methanobacteriota_B;c**Thermococci;o**Thermococcales;f**Thermococcaceae;g**Thermococcus_A;s\_\_Thermococcus_A alcaliphilus

Reviewer: Please give a realisitic example in acode block of this (and ideally with a couple of entries)

Author: Updated this part too.

> You can either use [taxonkit lineage](https://bioinf.shenwei.me/taxonkit/usage/#lineage) or [GDTBTk](https://github.com/Ecogenomics/GTDBTk) to retrieve the lineage from taxonomic IDs.

Reviewer: Please give an example command for this

</details>

More information on custom KMCP database construction can be found [here](https://bioinf.shenwei.me/kmcp/database/#building-custom-databases).

#### sylph custom database

To build a sylph database, it only requires fasta files.

```bash
sylph sketch genomes/*.fa.gz
```

If all genomes are in the same file, you can run:

```bash
sylph sketch all_genomes.fa
```

By default, the output database will be named `database.syldb`. If you prefer a custom name, please use `--out-name-db <YOUR_DB_NAME>` flag.

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Expected files in database directory</summary>

- `sylph`
  - `database/<custom_name>.syldb`
  </details>

More information on custom sylph database construction can be found [here](https://sylph-docs.github.io/sylph-cookbook/#database-sketching-options).

Classification using the sylph classifier consists of two steps:

1. running the `sylph profile` command
2. running the `sylph-tax taxprof` command

> The second `sylph-tax taxprof` command requires a taxonomy file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second `sylph-tax taxprof` command also requires a taxonomy file that you must provide.
```

> You can create your own taxonomy metadata file. A taxonomic metadata file is a two-column TSV file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create your own taxonomy metadata file via a two-column TSV file:
```

> - Column 1: the name of your genome's FASTA file: my_mag.fa

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Column 1: the name of your genome's FASTA file
```

> - Column 2: a semicolon-delimited taxonomy string. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Column 2: a semicolon-delimited taxonomy string.

For example:
```
